MicroHarvest Finalist at Prestigious 2023 BloomberNEF (BNEF) Pioneers Awards - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → Feb 22, 2023 MicroHarvest Finalist at Prestigious 2023 BloomberNEF (BNEF) Pioneers Awards Previous Next MicroHarvest announced as finalist at prestigious 2023 BloombergNEF (BNEF) Pioneers awards Company one of six innovators shortlisted in“Building a net-zero food production system” challenge (category) Hamburg- and Lisbon-based start-up only European company featured in category Hamburg, February 17th 2023 Foodtech start-up MicroHarvest , a leading biotech company on a mission to build the sustainable food system of tomorrow, has been named as one of six innovators working towards a net-zero food production system in the prestigious 2023 BloombergNEF (BNEF) Pioneers awards. The Hamburg-based company was named as one of the main players tackling key challenges in building towards a net-zero economy for the development of technology able to harness the power of microorganisms to produce nutritious and sustainable protein. This proprietary technology – based on biomass fermentation- enables production at a speed and efficiency that far exceeds existing other approaches. The result is quality protein ingredients containing over 60% raw protein, that can be produced within 24 hours from input to output. Possible applications along the whole protein value chain are manifold, ranging from animal feed to direct application in food and pet food. The company tackles, amongst others, the $14Bn booming market of alternative protein ingredients for human food, with annual growth rates up to 50%, a pet food market estimated to grow to over $130bn by 2030 with a 34% of pet owners claiming they would prefer a vegetarian diet- and a $58Bn aquafeed market. This year’s BloombergNEF (BNEF) Pioneers awards received almost 350 applications from 42 countries, with only 22 making it on the shortlist. Many of the companies selected as BNEF Pioneers over the last ten years have gone on to play a significant role in the global low-carbon transition. A team of experts at BloombergNEF will now evaluate the finalists against three criteria: their potential impact on greenhouse gas emissions and environmental sustainability, their degree of technology innovation and novelty, and their likelihood of adoption and potential scalability. Winners will be announced in April this year. Katelijne Bekers, MicroHarvest CEO Katelijne Bekers commented on the announcement: “We’re extremely excited and honoured to be named as one of the six finalists and the only European company in our category. This is an important achievement for the team, who have worked relentlessly on developing technology that fuels the resilient food system of tomorrow thanks to the production of nutritious and sustainable protein at scale. Despite the complexities associated with scaling biotechnological processes, our technology has enabled us to already complete a successful production trial at scale at the Bio Base Europe Pilot Plant in Belgium.  After less than two years from founding MicroHarvest, we’re now edging closer to turning our technology and process into real life applications in the very near future”. About MicroHarvest MicroHarvest is a biotechnology company on a mission to build a resilient food system for tomorrow, driving impact today. MicroHarvest’s proprietary technology leverages biomass fermentation to produce protein ingredients in a much faster way than existing approaches, using thousands of times less water and space for comparable protein outputs, than animal or plant-derived ingredients. In April 2021 the company was founded in Hamburg by Biotechnologist and Executive MBA graduate Katelijne Bekers, and since 2022 joined by co-founders Luísa Cruz and Jonathan Roberz, combining technology expertise, market know-how and company building experience. Their ambition is to boldly push technological boundaries in the ingredients industry to drive impact across the whole protein value chain. https://thefishsite.com/articles/microbial-protein-startup-makes-bloomberg-awards-shortlist Share Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
MicroHarvest launches pilot plant, accelerating path to commercialization of their single-cell protein ingredients. - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → Nov 17, 2023 MicroHarvest launches pilot plant, accelerating path to commercialization of their single-cell protein ingredients. Previous Next Pilot plant marks critical milestone towards commercialization, allowing prototype production and testing of production runs MicroHarvest confirms partnership with contract manufacturer, allowing to scale to 1 ton/day at record speed The company’s next phase will be the commercial launch of their first product in early 2024 Lisbon, November 17th 2023 – MicroHarvest , a leading industrial biotechnology company dedicated to advancing sustainable protein production, has just launched its cutting-edge pilot plant in Lisbon – enabling the company to produce single-cell protein samples. The official launch of the pilot, marked by an event held on November 16th in Lisbon, attended by investors FoodLabs and Faber to name but a few, marks a significant milestone in MicroHarvest’s mission to reshape the landscape of sustainable food production. With the ability to operate beyond labscale in-house, the pilot plant will accelerate MicroHarvest’s journey towards commercialization and market availability. The plant will produce protein samples for customers, allowing the company to further hone its technology and test production runs before bringing them to commercial scale. The pilot plant is located at their Factory Lisbon site. In a remarkable span of six months, MicroHarvest transformed a portion of their office space into a fully equipped laboratory and pilot plant. Luísa Cruz, CTO of MicroHarvest, notes, “This pilot plant serves as tangible evidence of the scalability of our process. With a lower investment when compared to alternative technologies, and within a mere 200 square meters, we can achieve a daily production of 25 kg.” Simultaneously, after successfully transferring the technology and scaling up production to reach daily outputs in tons, the team engaged a commercial production partner. COO Jonathan Roberz emphasizes, “The speed at which we accomplished this demonstrates that we possess the right team and the right technology to make sustainable protein readily available at scale. This is of crucial importance as our food systems’ ecological footprint must be minimized to remain within our planetary boundaries.” Katelijne Bekers, CEO of MicroHarvest, comments, “Within just six months of opening our Lisbon office, our team has doubled in size, and we’ve achieved an impressive feat by constructing the pilot plant in record time – a truly remarkable journey. Within the next three months, we are on track to introduce our first product to the market. These milestones underscore our commitment to driving real impact by bringing commercially competitive, consistent, and sustainable ingredients to market fast.” MicroHarvest’s proprietary technology enables the sustainable production of high-quality protein ingredients containing over 60% raw protein within just 24 hours. The pioneering approach significantly reduces resource consumption compared to conventional methods and has the potential to reshape the industry. It offers highly competitive, scalable and consistent protein solutions applicable across diverse sectors, including feed, pet food, and human food. MicroHarvest’s pilot plant launch is a transformative moment in the journey towards addressing the global challenge of feeding a growing population while minimizing environmental impact. The company’s proprietary biomass fermentation technology is at the forefront of this launch, showcasing a revolutionary approach to sustainable protein production. The company’s innovative biomass fermentation technology has already garnered significant attention after being honored with the prestigious Bloomberg NEF Pioneers Award earlier this year. As the sole European company to receive this recognition, MicroHarvest has established itself as an industry leader with a vision for a more sustainable future and the launch of the pilot plant is a pivotal step towards the commercialization of this innovative technology. For more information about MicroHarvest, please visit: https://microharvest.com/ – ENDS – Notes to editors To download high-res images and read more about MicroHarvest, please visit this link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ozbHGa4n80m_WYowsMW9ubEzH7bMGaf9?usp=sharing For further press information, please contact: Esme Goldenberg esme.goldenberg@ederalab.com International PR Executive +44 (0)20 805 850 18 About Microharvest MicroHarvest is a biotechnology company that produces sustainable protein ingredients through microbial fermentation, using agricultural byproducts as feedstock. Their proprietary technology allows them to produce protein ingredients much faster and using significantly less water and space compared to animal or plant-derived ingredients. The dried biomass is then combined with other ingredients to make food products, with applications ranging from feed to pet food and human food. The company was founded in April 2021 and is led by Co-Founder & CEO Katelijne Bekers, Executive MBA with a background in biotechnology, Co-Founder & CTO Luisa Cruz PhD, bringing over 10 years leading R&D roles and Co-Founder & COO Jonathan Roberz, an experienced entrepreneur who has already successfully built and exited a technology start-up. Their ambition is to boldly push technological boundaries in the ingredients industry to drive impact across the whole protein value chain. https://microharvest.com/ Share Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
MicroHarvest Becomes Food Fermentation Europe’s First Biomass Fermentation Member - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → Mar 7, 2024 MicroHarvest Becomes Food Fermentation Europe’s First Biomass Fermentation Member Previous Next German biotech  MicroHarvest  announces that it has become the first biomass fermentation company to join Food Fermentation Europe ‘s efforts to create more sustainable food systems by unlocking the potential of fermentation-enabled food production. Food Fermentation Europe (FFE) was established in 2023 by Better Dairy , Formo , Imagindairy , Onego Bio , and Those Vegan Cowboys , which leverage precision fermentation to produce animal-free food products. Standing Ovation, Vivici, and Bon Vivant, have also joined the alliance. Precision fermentation involves modifying microorganisms to produce specific ingredients. In contrast, biomass fermentation uses the high protein content and rapid growth of microorganisms to “efficiently make highly scalable amounts of protein-rich foods,” explains MicroHarvest. Jevan Nagarajah, FFE President and CEO of Better Dairy, shared: “We are delighted to welcome MicroHarvest into our alliance as our first biomass fermentation member. Leveraging their unique perspectives, we will continue to chart new frontiers for European food systems and pave the way for a more environmentally conscious future.” Fermentation-enabled solutions MicroHarvest has secured €10 million to date, including an €8.5 million Series A funding round led by Astanor Ventures and €1.5 million from Simon Capital, for its novel, scalable, competitive, and sustainable protein ingredient for feed, pet food, or human food products. According to the company, its fermentation process can produce a biomass in just 24 hours from input to output, using a fraction of the resources required for many other alternative proteins. On the back of this production timeline, the company says that it has successfully scaled to 300 kg per day. With headquarters in Hamburg and a recently opened pilot facility in Lisbon, where the company develops prototypes, the company is closer to commercialization. The innovative startup received a BloombergNEF Pioneers Award last year for its innovation in fermented ingredients. Greater impact with FFE MicroHarvest states that its expertise in biomass fermentation opens up new opportunities for collaboration with other industry players, paving the way for the development of next generation protein-rich foods. Katelijne Bekers, co-founder and CEO of MicroHarvest, comments: “We’ve made some great progress alone but together with FFE we can make an ever greater impact, we are thrilled to join the ranks. “We look forward to listening to different partners and exploring the full potential of fermentation-enabled solutions. By communicating and, most importantly, acting together, we can drive positive change in the food system. We believe the world will be eager to learn what food fermentation can do for it.” https://vegconomist.com/fermentation/microharvest-food-fermentation-europes-first-biomass-fermentation-member/ Share Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
MicroHarvest is expanding: New office and labs! - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → Apr 7, 2022 MicroHarvest is expanding: New office and labs! Next With the team growing steadily, MicroHarvest expands it offices and set up its own labs at the Northern Institute of Technology Management . The location at the TUHH campus is a unique spot for a startup, providing access to the newest technologies and great opportunities for collaborations. A special thanks to Professor Antranikian and his team from the Center for Biobased Solutions ! Read on Linkedin Share Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →

MicroHarvest opens subsidiary in Portugal - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → Jul 20, 2022 MicroHarvest opens subsidiary in Portugal Previous Next MicroHarvest is now also in Portugal! We are excited to announce our Portuguese subsidiary is alive. While the team keeps growing in Hamburg, we are setting up offices and labs in Lisbon with the help of our new partner Madan Parque . Keep your eyes peeled for our recruitment and other activities starting soon! Read on Linkedin Share Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
MicroHarvest gets featured on Food Navigator - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → Apr 12, 2022 MicroHarvest gets featured on Food Navigator Previous Next MicroHarvest introduces the fastest protein production system in the world in Food Navigator and share its vision for the future of food: Everybody speaks about the increased demand for protein in 2050, but already today about 690 million people globally are undernourished. We should not just replace the current food system, we should make it better. Our technology is a faster and simpler method for production of protein, allowing decentralized production. It enables local production of sustainable, nutritious, high-quality and safe protein. That is the production that the market asks today and the future needs. Read on Foodnavigator Share Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
MPX Boost - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → THE IDEAL SUSTAINABLE PROTEIN SOLUTION FOR AQUACULTURE Enhancing aquafeed performance with Single Cell Protein Powerful nutritional excellence for aquafeed MPX BOOST is a Single Cell Protein produced from marine bacteria through an innovative fermentation process. Every batch delivers consistent quality, ensuring high digestibility and an excellent amino acid profile. Reduce fishmeal dependency MPX BOOST is a high quality protein source, matching the needs of young animals and carnivore species for complete and digestible protein. Ideal ingredient for hybrid formulation Increase flexibility in your formulation with MPX BOOST. Supporting digestion of alternative plant-based proteins, it acts as an accelerator that allows to expand your basket of ingredients and reduce the carbon footprint of your customer. The alternative without compromises MPX BOOST is a unique sustainable protein solution that does not compromise on palatability and is available at scale. We developed the world’s fastest and most reliable protein production method to feed aquaculture at scale within planetary boundaries. The feed material of the future, available now Contact us for more information on MPX BOOST and samples, and join us in shaping the future of aquaculture. Get in Touch → Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →

MicroHarvest and VEGDOG launch dog treat with first-of-its-kind microbial protein ingredient - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → Apr 25, 2024 MicroHarvest and VEGDOG launch dog treat with first-of-its-kind microbial protein ingredient Previous Next Novel treat product to be unveiled at the 2024 Pet Food Forum, within Interzoo Europe in Nuremberg MicroHarvest’s novel protein ingredient emits an estimated 2-3x less CO2 eq/kg compared to plant-derived solutions Study conducted by MicroHarvest in partnership with a Wageningen University Masters program finds that 78.4% of British and German dog owners would consider buying pet food products containing microbial protein Hamburg, 25 April 2024 – German biotech startup MicroHarvest have teamed up with animal-free pet food producer VEGDOG to unveil first-of-its-kind microbial protein dog treat. The novel treat will be presented to the pet food industry on May 6th at the 2024 Pet Food Forum taking place in Nuremberg (Germany) during Interzoo Europe. The innovative VEGDOG Pure Bites snack, which is a first for the dog food market in Europe, combines the new microbial protein from MicroHarvest with tasty potato and apple pomace. Thanks to its hypoallergenic properties, it is particularly suitable for dogs that cannot tolerate conventional protein sources. The high tolerance and digestibility as well as the delicious taste make it the first choice for dogs with severe intolerances and allergies. This also makes VEGDOG Pure Bites interesting for use in veterinary practice. MicroHarvest’s microbial ingredient footprint, at 1.4 kg CO2 equivalent per kilogram of product, offers a sustainability edge equal to insect proteins and significantly surpassing that of plant-derived proteins. Pet food has been a focus application market from the onset for MicroHarvest. They recently partnered with a Wageningen University Masters program to conduct the first acceptance study for microbial protein amongst dog owners in the UK and Germany, countries that represent two of the largest premium dog food and treats markets in Europe. The study surveyed 1,162 UK and German dog owners and found significant interest, with 77.2% of respondents willing to purchase dog treats containing microbial protein in their composition and 78.4% of the dog owners willing to buy complete dog food containing the protein. Although other innovative pet food products have explored microbial sources like yeasts and mycelium as ingredients, this specific product is the first to be designed with microbial protein derived from bacteria that have been part of our diets for centuries in foods like kimchi, kefir and sauerkraut. A subsequent palatability study carried out by MicroHarvest found that dogs showed a ten percentage points higher acceptance rate of microbial protein treats compared to those made exclusively with poultry. MicroHarvest co-founder Katelijne Bekers explains: “Our partnership with VEGDOG, coupled with the results of our consumer research, demonstrates the potential for microbial ingredients like ours to offer competitive protein alternatives to the pet food industry. Sustainability is becoming increasingly important for pet food shoppers. Still, there are other purchase drivers to consider, like palatability, digestibility, as well as specific nutritional benefits, like low-fat content; these are all benefits that our protein over-delivers on. With increasing pressure on the supply chain of animal-derived protein ingredients, our solution is a great way to differentiate the protein source choice for pet food manufacturers, being both highly reliable and scalable”. VEGDOG founder & CEO, Tessa Zaune-Figlar: “Our goal at VEGDOG is to show dog owners that they do not have to rely on meat-based products to feed their pets. With this modern approach and our high-quality, healthy and tasty products, we have been able to pioneer a new market. By collaborating with our partner MicroHarvest, we are opening a new chapter and bringing to market a promising snack that demonstrates our ability to innovate.” Dr. Carla Steffen, head of R&D at VEGDOG , further explains: “At VEGDOG, we are constantly searching for innovative protein sources that benefit our dogs as well as our planet. It is of high importance to us to formulate our products based on scientific evidence. As the microbial protein of MicroHarvest is proven to be highly digestible, palatable and sustainable, it ticks all of these boxes.” With a global protein demand forecasted to grow 50% by 2050, by applying modern technology to millennia-old fermentation techniques, MicroHarvest is capable of producing tons of high-quality microbial protein ingredients in just 24 hours, offering a highly scalable and consistent protein solution. Ally Motta, Animal Nutritionist and Application Specialist at MicroHarvest commented: ‘’Testing has confirmed that our protein ingredient has a stable nutritional profile containing all the essential amino acids for dogs. Furthermore, In a live palatability study, we found that the treats containing our ingredient were enthusiastically accepted by 85% of dogs trialed, while treats containing solely poultry meal had a 75% acceptance rate. This confirms the viability of MicroHarvest protein as a rewarding and nutritious treat for dogs.” Aside from the pet food industry, MicroHarvest is developing applications for their microbial proteins in livestock and aquaculture feed with a view to eventually extending their product offering to tailored solutions for the human food market. For more information about VEGDOG, please visit: www.vegdog.de More information : https://www.petfoodprocessing.net/articles/18126-microharvest-vegdog-partner-to-launch-alternative-protein-dog-treat Share Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →

MicroHarvest Protein: Feeding the World - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → FEEDING THE WORLD We deliver Better Protein: Sustainable, Nutritious, Scalable. MICROHARVEST PROTEIN: ACCESSIBLE NUTRITION Our ambition Protein is essential for a healthy diet, but with global demand expected to increase 50% by 2050, current sourcing methods are already harming the planet while alternative proteins often struggle to be both highly nutritious and scalable . At MicroHarvest, we are pioneering better protein production through natural fermentation. We produce high-quality protein in just 24 hours—faster than any other method. Like brewing beer or making yogurt, we use microorganisms, nature’s most efficient protein factories, to create tasty, healthy, and sustainable protein at scale. Independent of soil quality or climate, our process runs 24/7 anywhere in the world, requiring only a fraction of the water and land while cutting CO₂ emissions by over 95%. MicroHarvest is addressing today’s demand for highly nutritious food while building a resilient food system for the future. 24 hours 24 hours 24 hours World’s fastest protein production – from raw materials to protein in one day. Just like for beer or yogurt, we grow microorganisms – nature’s most efficient protein factories – using traditional fermentation combined with modern technology. Technology → HUNGRY FOR THE BETTER HUNGRY FOR THE BETTER HUNGRY FOR THE BETTER HUNGRY FOR THE BETTER HUNGRY FOR THE BETTER HUNGRY FOR THE BETTER HUNGRY FOR THE BETTER HUNGRY FOR THE BETTER Better protein, delivered today Together we have over three decades worth of experience in biotechnology, over a decade of experience in business and product development in the ingredients industry, and extensive experience in the startup world. Meet the team → As Seen In As Seen In As Seen In As Seen In As Seen In As Seen In Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
MH wins the EUROPAS 2022 Awards for Ag/Food Tech - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → Nov 1, 2022 MH wins the EUROPAS 2022 Awards for Ag/Food Tech Previous Next November 1 st 2022 – Lisbon MicroHarvest has won the EUROPAS ‘ Hottest Tech Start-up Award in the Ag/Food Tech category! Amongst the finalists in the category were other prominent start-ups in the AgTech and FoodTech space , like Pubinno , Gardin Agritech , Julienne Bruno and Agreena . ‘We are thrilled to be recognized this prestigious award’- Co-Founder and CEO Katelijne Bekers said- ‘Our growing team active across the two hubs of Lisbon and Hamburg remains committed to delivering a significant impact in the food system, unleashing the power of nature. We are working fast and are on track to bring to market the fastest protein production system soon’. The award was received by our CEO Katelijne Bekers and CTO Ana Luísa Cruz . Share Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
MicroHarvest joins EIT Food Accelerator Network 2022 - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → Jul 5, 2022 MicroHarvest joins EIT Food Accelerator Network 2022 Previous Next MicroHarvest joins the kick-off of the EIT FAN 2022 in Münich with a great hike, together with the 9 other agrifood startups. During the coming months, MicroHarvest will benefit from the workshops, mentoring, and of course networking with the other startups and industry-leading corporate and research partners, hosted by XPRENEURS. We are ready to realize our future! Read on Linkedin Share Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
MicroHarvest on single cell protein at the DLD Conference in Münich - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → May 21, 2022 MicroHarvest on single cell protein at the DLD Conference in Münich Previous Next You all know bacteria from yoghurt, cheese, sauerkraut, or kimchi. These microbes are the most efficient #protein production factories in the world. MicroHarvest uses the side streams that are generated during food production and feeds them to their bacteria. This is how our CEO Kate explains it on the DLD Conference. She joint a panel discussing the role of fermentation in the future of our food, together with other frontrunners of innovation in foodtech Raffael Wohlgensinger from Formo and Mazen Rizk from Mushlabs, moderated by our friend and investor Christophe Maire from FoodLabs. Share Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
MicroHarvest Accelerates Pace to Achieve Multiple Kiloton Production Target - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → Nov 11, 2024 MicroHarvest Accelerates Pace to Achieve Multiple Kiloton Production Target Previous Three years in, company already in-market at commercial production scale of 1 ton/day Having validated scaling to kTs annual production, company now aims for up to 15,000 tons/year by end of 2026 Company fast progressing with Series B fundraiser Hamburg, 11 November 2024 – MicroHarvest , a pioneer in sustainable microbial protein, has achieved a key milestone by demonstrating an ability to scale its production process to 10 tons per day in a single vessel, representing a ten-fold increase over its current capacity. This significant progress validates MicroHarvest’s ability to deliver microbial protein in quantities that will meet commercial demands, with plans for a full-scale facility capable of producing up to 15,000 tons annually by the end of 2026. The trial results confirmed that strain performance and critical process parameters remain consistent with smaller-scale production, ensuring robust scalability as MicroHarvest advances toward industrial-scale operations. Additionally, the trial demonstrated the speed and resilience of MicroHarvest’s seed train—achieving the full process, from cryovial to full scale production, over ten times faster than the traditional seed trains in the food industry. Consistent and impressive scalability milestones achieved by MicroHarvest in the biotech industry make it an undisputed leader in the novel ingredients space and have emboldened and accelerated the company’s progress towards a first close of its Series B funding efforts. Katelijne Bekers, CEO of MicroHarvest , said: “Producers of feed and food face high pressure to adopt novel ingredients within 3-5 years, but scaling these ingredients has been a bottleneck for the B2B ingredients market. First trials require hundreds of kilos or even tons of product to test with, followed by consistent, large-scale production in the magnitude of thousands of tons. While many biotechnology startups struggle to scale their production beyond small pilot volumes in the range of a few kilos, we’ve always successfully run pilots with 50-100 kg of product. In addition, we have also found a solution to address the urgent industry need to diversify protein sources at scale now. Our demonstrated process stability at scale put us in a unique position to actually match market demand in 2026.“ MicroHarvest ran its first pilot trial less than 6 months after starting in the lab. Now, barely 3 years later, they are already demonstrating robust production at commercial scale. The success of this new large-scale trial has solidified MicroHarvest’s confidence in the engineering parameters essential for its next production plant, putting the company on track to meet its long-term commercial production goals. “We see that new demo factories more than often have troubles in their start-up phase, as the process is sensitive to contaminations or to technical perturbations not expected at lab scale. This leads to delays that can take more than a year. In the worst case, they make profitability unachievable as production losses make a considerable dent in good unit economics.” says Jonathan Roberz, COO of MicroHarvest . “Our R&D and Pilot teams focused from the start on minimizing these problems. Our technology reduces the risk of contamination and focuses on quickly recovering production upon technical problems. Having overcome any remaining technological barriers, MicroHarvest is committed to reaching its kiloton output target.” MicroHarvest’s microbial fermentation process produces protein with a fraction of the carbon footprint of traditional plant- and animal-based proteins. Using agricultural side-streams as feedstock, MicroHarvest minimizes the need for additional fossil fuels or land, significantly reducing environmental impact. Earlier this year, the startup collaborated with animal-free pet food producer VEGDOG to launch “Pure Bites,” a first-of-its-kind microbial protein dog treat. In addition, validation and application trials in salmon and shrimp are running or planned with several global aqua feed producers involved, covering million metric tons of feed. Looking ahead, the company plans to expand applications in human nutrition, positioning MicroHarvest as a well-rounded player at the forefront of sustainable protein innovation. With growing demand across nutrition sectors, MicroHarvest is well-positioned to lead the way in sustainable, scalable protein production, contributing to a more resilient and eco-friendly food system. Share Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
Biotechnology healthier protein from bacteria - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → THE SOLUTION TO SECURE GLOBAL PROTEIN SUPPLY UNLEASHING PROTEIN WITH FERMENTATION The natural and most efficient solution. Technology used for centuries Microorganisms (bacteria) have been used for centuries to make food products like cheese, yogurt, kefir, and kimchi. Nutritionally rich Our protein ingredients are packed with micro-nutrients and vitamins, over 60% raw protein, while containing no allergens Fast growth They grow incredibly fast and need thousands of times less space and water than animals or plants. This means that within a 24-hour process, we can go from input to final product. Great taste And they naturally provide a rich umami flavor, creating delicious, protein-packed foods without the need for heavy processing or additives. Our unique technology helps us to unleash the power of microorganisms to produce high-quality proteins. We brew our ingredients in tanks, 365 days a year, anywhere in the world – with a 24-hour process from input to final product. 24 hours 24 hours 24 hours Our technology allows us to produce protein from raw materials in one day. Input Bacterial strain & growth medium Fermentation Fast exponential growth produces biomass in a short time Separation Cells are harvested Inactivation Selective breakdown of the biomass Water removal Increase of stability & shelf life Protein Nutritious ingredients that can be used in food, pet food and feed → Sustainable → Nutritious → Scalable Sustainable >95% less CO₂ emissions compared to traditional animal and animal-derived sources, significantly reducing environmental impact. Nutritious With 60% high-quality protein content, all essential amino acids, minerals, and vitamins, our products go beyond basic protein. Optimally digestible and nutrient-dense, every batch is crafted for consistent, reliable nutrition – good for you and the planet. Scalable Our unique technology allows us to produce proteins highly scalable within a lightning 24 hour timeframe from input to final product. The proteins of the future can be made in tanks, 365 days a year, everywhere in world, in any climate or weather conditions! The world needs new ways to harness nature’s power and meet the rising protein demand. Our technology unleashes protein ingredients that are versatile in their application, consistent, and scalable without sacrificing nutritional quality – no matter who they feed. Find out more about our markets and products. Our Products → Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
Hilix - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → OUR SPECIALTY INGREDIENT FOR AQUACULTURE Single Cell Ingredient enhancing aquafauna growth and health HILIX®, providing semi-essential nutrients HILIX® is a carefully produced feed material derived from extracted bacterial cells. It is a balanced blend of key nutrients, including free nucleotides, alongside vitamins and minerals, delivered to complement animal nutrition at precise inclusion levels. Semi-Essential Nutrients The components in our bacterial extract are semi-essential nutrients for animals. Support Performance Including HILIX® in aquafeed supports growth performance, for example in salmon and shrimp. In addition, the inclusion of the semi-essential nutrients improves the health status of the animals. Boosting Taste HILIX® also contains ingredients that can act as palatants, making your feed more attractive. We have developed the world's fastest and most reliable protein production method to feed aquaculture at scale within planetary boundaries. The speciality aquafeed ingredient – available now Contact us for more information on HILIX® and samples, and join us shaping the future of aquaculture. Get in Touch → Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
MicroHarvest selected for Nutreco Feed & Food Tech Challenge - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → May 5, 2022 MicroHarvest selected for Nutreco Feed & Food Tech Challenge Previous Next MicroHarvest is honored to be selected as one of the 15 participant in the Nutreco Feed & Food Tech Challenge. With the help of awesome Nutreco mentors we’ll be able to validate and refine our our plans for MicroHarvest, and pitch them to a team of experts. We are so excited for this great opportunity! Share Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
Contact - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → Get In Touch Get In Touch Get In Touch Lisbon, Portugal Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Hamburg, Germany Kasernenstrasse 12, 21073 Hamburg, Germany Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →

MicroHarvest gets featured on Bloomberg - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → Apr 19, 2023 MicroHarvest gets featured on Bloomberg Previous Next After being recently awarded as winners at the prestigious Bloomberg NEF Pioneers Awards, we were pleased to welcome talented photographer Eriver Hijano to our facilities in Hamburg and conduct an in-depth interview with expert reporter Coco Liu, resulting in a thorough reportage. “There are so many microbes out there in the world that can produce magnificent things.”- commended our CEO, Katelijne Bekers. We are thrilled to see our product so expertly described and our teams featured in such a reputable international publication! Find out more in the link below. Read the full article on Bloomberg.com Photo: Scientist Joel Thogersen tests a vial of bacteria at MicroHarvest’s laboratory in Hamburg, Germany on March 23, 2023. Photographer: Ériver Hijano for Bloomberg Green Share Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →

News - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → Inside Stay Up-to-Date with Microharvest's Latest News and events. Jul 5, 2022 MicroHarvest joins EIT Food Accelerator Network 2022 Read More → May 21, 2022 MicroHarvest on single cell protein at the DLD Conference in Münich Read More → May 18, 2022 Selected as one of the Next Heroes in Food & Agtech of 2022 Read More → May 5, 2022 MicroHarvest selected for Nutreco Feed & Food Tech Challenge Read More → Apr 12, 2022 MicroHarvest gets featured on Food Navigator Read More → Apr 7, 2022 MicroHarvest is expanding: New office and labs! Read More → Nov 11, 2024 MicroHarvest Accelerates Pace to Achieve Multiple Kiloton Production Target Read More → Apr 25, 2024 MicroHarvest and VEGDOG launch dog treat with first-of-its-kind microbial protein ingredient Read More → Mar 7, 2024 MicroHarvest Becomes Food Fermentation Europe’s First Biomass Fermentation Member Read More → Nov 17, 2023 MicroHarvest launches pilot plant, accelerating path to commercialization of their single-cell protein ingredients. Read More → Apr 19, 2023 MicroHarvest gets featured on Bloomberg Read More → Feb 22, 2023 MicroHarvest Finalist at Prestigious 2023 BloomberNEF (BNEF) Pioneers Awards Read More → Nov 1, 2022 MH wins the EUROPAS 2022 Awards for Ag/Food Tech Read More → Sep 20, 2022 MicroHarvest announces closing € 8.5M Series A funding round Read More → Jul 20, 2022 MicroHarvest opens subsidiary in Portugal Read More → Jul 5, 2022 MicroHarvest joins EIT Food Accelerator Network 2022 Read More → May 21, 2022 MicroHarvest on single cell protein at the DLD Conference in Münich Read More → May 18, 2022 Selected as one of the Next Heroes in Food & Agtech of 2022 Read More → May 5, 2022 MicroHarvest selected for Nutreco Feed & Food Tech Challenge Read More → Apr 12, 2022 MicroHarvest gets featured on Food Navigator Read More → Apr 7, 2022 MicroHarvest is expanding: New office and labs! Read More → Nov 11, 2024 MicroHarvest Accelerates Pace to Achieve Multiple Kiloton Production Target Read More → Apr 25, 2024 MicroHarvest and VEGDOG launch dog treat with first-of-its-kind microbial protein ingredient Read More → Mar 7, 2024 MicroHarvest Becomes Food Fermentation Europe’s First Biomass Fermentation Member Read More → Nov 17, 2023 MicroHarvest launches pilot plant, accelerating path to commercialization of their single-cell protein ingredients. Read More → Apr 19, 2023 MicroHarvest gets featured on Bloomberg Read More → Feb 22, 2023 MicroHarvest Finalist at Prestigious 2023 BloomberNEF (BNEF) Pioneers Awards Read More → As Seen In As Seen In As Seen In As Seen In As Seen In As Seen In Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
MPX CARE - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → TREAT YOUR PETS WITH MICROBIAL PROTEIN Naturally boosting palatability and nutrition for treats MPX CARE – the perfect ingredient for pet food manufacturers looking to create hyper-palatable and healthy treats. Natural, high in protein, low in fat & fibers, and irresistible in taste: MPX CARE is the sustainable protein solution when consumers look for eco-friendly, allergens free, healthy treats with a clean & simple ingredient list, that their pets love with every bite. Highly nutritious Over 60% raw protein content with a complete and constant profile of essential amino acids and minerals, enhancing pet health and reducing the need for traditional meat content. Rapid and reliable production Our natural fermentation process produces MPX CARE in just 24 hours using agricultural side streams, ensuring a stable, scalable, and cost-effective protein supply. Superior taste Umami flavors that pets love, MPX CARE enhances both palatability and digestibility for your pets – becoming their favorite treat! MPX CARE stands out as the better protein source with a complete nutritional profile, great digestibility and superior taste all while minimizing environmental impact and ensuring a consistent supply for the global market. We developed the world’s fastest and most reliable protein production method to feed pets at scale within planetary boundaries. MPY CARE: The evolution for complete pet nutrition, available soon Contact us for more information on MPX and MPY CARE, to shape the future of pet nutrition together. Get in Touch → Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
Imprint - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → Imprint Verantwortlich für den Inhalt gem. § 5 TMG: Katelijne Bekers (Geschäftsführerin) Jonathan Roberz (Geschäftsführer) MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany tel: +49 40 808139070 e-mail: hello@microharvest.com Registergericht: Amtsgericht Hamburg Registernummer: HRB 168858 Umsatzsteuer-Identifikationsnummer gemäß § 27 a DE 342812999 Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →
Team - MicroHarvest Home Technology Products Hilix MPX CARE MPX Boost Team Careers News Contact → Meet The Experts Meet The Experts Meet The Experts Meet The Experts Meet The Experts Jan-Phillip Birke Head of Operations Dennis Stein Executive Assistant Katelijne Bekers, MSc, MBA Co-Founder & CEO Luisa Cruz, PhD Co-Founder & CTO Jonathan Roberz, MSc Co-Founder & COO Sergio Cristiano, PhD Scientist Petar Keković, PhD USP Scientist Marcelo Silva, PhD Senior Process Design Specialist Catarina Ribeiro, MSc Founder Associate Joel Thogersen, BSc SR Scientist Analytical Development Michael Sebakka Chemical Engineering Technologist Ricardo Saraiva Laboratory Manager Ally Motta Pet Nutritionist & Product Developer Ana Pereira IP and Innovation Funding Manager Anna Radawska Regulatory Affairs Specialist André Silva Process Modeler and Data Analyst Inês Soares Junior Marketing Strategist Madhava Madhusoodhanan Working Student Bioprocessing Carolin Fabini Product Technologist Intern Jéssica Correia Bioprocess Technologist Jelson Quinga Operations Intern Julian Schildknecht Head of Brand and Growth Justus Reich Senior Finance Manager Karan Sikri Marketing Working Student Michael Menacher Finance Intern Karoline Schröder Bioprocessing Working Student Cian Tiernan Bioprocess Development Student Bernardo Pinho Bioprocess Technologist Leda Burdzaki Bioprocess Technologist Babu Raman Microbiologist Ratika Golellu Food Safety and Analytics Intern Gerrit Sicking Customer Success Manager Jan-Phillip Birke Head of Operations Dennis Stein Executive Assistant Katelijne Bekers, MSc, MBA Co-Founder & CEO Luisa Cruz, PhD Co-Founder & CTO Uniquely equipped for success We have over three decades worth of experience in biotechnology, over a decade of experience in business and product development, and in startups. our mindset our mindset enables us to go beyond our our mindset enables us to go beyond Our Investors Our Investors Our Investors Astanor Ventures Happiness Capital Faber FoodLabs Simon Capital We Are Collaborative Fast Committed Diverse Collaborative Fast Committed Diverse We are committed for humanity to thrive in a sustainable manner. We move fast, learn fast, adapt fast. We succeed by collaboration within our teams and with our partners. We are empowered by our diversity of thoughts. DO YOU THINK YOU WOULD BE A GOOD FIT? Careers → Something on your mind? Say Hello! Thank you! Your message has been sent. We will contact you as soon as possible First Name Last Name Email Telephone Message MicroHarvest GmbH Kasernenstrasse 12 21073 Hamburg Germany Avenida Infante Dom Henrique 143, Unit N.04 1950-406 Lisbon Portugal Links Imprint → Privacy Policy → LinkedIn →